BD-2677 Add information on segmentation filtering (#6646)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/custom_attributes/nested_custom_attribute_support.md

- Booleans
- Arrays
- Time

>   - When filtering a custom attribute object with a Time data type, you can choose to filter based on "Day of Year" or "Time". "Day of Year" will check only the month and day for comparison. "Time" will compare the full timestamp, including the year.

Reviewer: There's no need to impose styling like capitalization on the data types. Also, a custom attribute "object", I'm not sure if adding "object" here is accurate.

```suggestion
  - When filtering a nested time custom attribute, you can choose to filter based on "Day of Year" or "Time". "Day of Year" will check only the month and day for comparison. "Time" will compare the full timestamp, including the year.
```

Reviewer: You can get an idea for how we talk about data types and attributes in the main [Custom attributes](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/custom_attributes/) article, for consistency. And then whatever wording you land on here, if you could also update the others ones 🙏

![A user choosing an operator based on the data type for the nested custom attribute][7]

### Filtering for Time data types

> When filtering a custom attribute object with a Time data type, you can choose to filter with operators under the **Day of Year** or **Time** categories when comparing the date value. 

Author: ```suggestion
When filtering a nested time custom attribute, you can choose to filter with operators under the **Day of Year** or **Time** categories when comparing the date value. 
```
